
		    24th June 2019  - Macintosh

I've used Apple shit for a long time now, and to be perfectly honest I've had 
issues only with iPhones... Well that is not counting my MacBook, but that 
thing was so fucking beat up, and so fucking torn to shit that i didnt 
really expect it to function normally...

Listen to me, 
NEVER BUY A FUCKING iPHONE, IT IS THE WORST PURCHASE DECISION YOU CAN MAKE IN
A REALLY FUCKING LONG TIME! Now, let me explain why that is so by telling you
some of the issues I've had with this thing.

My first iPhone was an iPhone 5S, and with this phone I can't really blame it
because it was used to absolute shit kinda like my MacBook, it was not treated
properly and that's why it ended up having the issues that it did. Those issues
were:

1. Two inflated batteries
2. One replaced screen because the first battery inflated so much it killed the 
display..
3. A fucked up charging port that i never bothered fixing

Now, the reason why i got the 6S after the 5S was because I thought that most
of these issues were'nt Apple's fault but mostly the issue of the fact that
this thing has been used and worn and torn for many many years.

So i decided to go for the 6S in late 2018. Now, so far I have not had any 
hardware issues with it so far, but some veeerrryyy weird software shit has
been happening.

1. THE MOTHERFUCKING OPERATING SYSTEM FORGOT HOW TO FUCKING CHARGE THE FUCKING
PHONE. I am not even joking about this, one night at around 3 AM, I'm very 
fucking tired, I wanna go to sleep, so I plug in my phone... Nope, nothing
no lightning next to the battery, no charge sound, no vibration, it was not
indicating a charge at all. I HAD TO FUCKING RESET THE GODDAMN PHONE ENTIRELY,
LOSE ALL OF MY FUCKING DATA, STAY UP TILL FUCKING 6 IN THE MORNING JUST TO BE
ABLE TO CHARGE THE FREAKING THING AGAIN. 

This by itself is personally enough of an issue not to wish to purchase the 
device again, so I will stay away from iPhones for a very very long time 
after my 6S dies or is tragically killed by iOS 13.

2. So, i wanna install something, click install, wait a bit... ERROR NO SPACE
AVAILABLE. W-wut? I have a 32gb phone with practially nothing on it. So i go
into storage management to see how in the fuck i could be using up so much 
space and. wait. hold on. WHY IN THE EVER LOVING FUCK IS MY SYSTEM TAKING UP
28 OUT OF MY 32 AVAILABLE GIGABYTES.

So yeah, basically it decided that its had enough of me installing apps or using
the storage in any way, and it's decided to block me off from doing so.. This
wasn't resolved till i just left my phone plugged into iTunes for like 3 hours
doing nothing (thanks random dude on YT)

3. SO. MANY. FUCKING. LIMITATIONS. Now when i got the iPhone i was aware that 
i could not customize it as much as android, but holy living shit is this not
what i was expecting... Now i expected sideloading apps to be a bit harder, 
but having to sign certificates THAT FUCKING ALLOW CHINKS TO ACCESS AND USE ALL
OF THE FUCKING DATA ON MY PHONE WAS NOT SOMETHING I EXPECTED. Every time i
wanna install Spotify or Minecraft or any other thing i do not wish to pay
for, not only do i get bombarded with ads but i have to give full access to 
my phone over to some random fucking organizations located in buttfuck bejing 
or schenzen or whereever the fuck. 

NOT COOL APPLE, NO THANKS, IM SWITCHING BACK TO ANDROID    A S A P


Enough bashing tho i wanna give apple some praise too, because while the
iPhone is a massive steaming pile of shit, their EX Macintosh line up is 
probably the earthly manifestation of christ in my fucking eyes. Never before
using a Macintosh have i experienced such sublime integration and polish in a
the entire user experience of a computer. Everything is where it needs to be,
everything makes sense and is clearly accessible by the end user... My first 
Macintosh was an iBook G4 and that was enough to get me hooked. Even though
i never touched the Apple platform prior to owning that laptop i already knew 
exactly how to do everything i wanted to. I have upgraded from that iBook
however, I got myself a PowerBook G4 that has better specifications, and yes
while you do need the occasional workaround on the internet because no sane 
developer is going to be supporting PowerPC today, everything still amounts to
an experience that no other PC on the market could offer me in my opinion
(Bar potentially the ThinkPad, but I am yet to try out a decent one).

The keyboard on the PowerBook is so shit blisteringly good that I experience
a fucking immesurable amount of dissapointment every time i type on another
portable. Even though the layout is lacking or weird in the mind of some
people, the feel and the experience of typing on it is something comparable 
to fucking sex, same with the trackpad. Even on a 15 year old machine it
still kicks the shit out of anything the competition has to offer today.

Speaking of today, Apple's Macintosh lineup today is quite contrary to what i
said a few paragraphs ago. Not only is it the contrary its quite comparable
to the iPhone in the sense that it sucks so much fucking dick that it sucks
at sucking dick... No ports, absolutely innane and utterly dissapointing
design that not only fails on the aesthetic level but on a functional level
too, so much so that the primary function of inputing text is failing massively
on almost every single laptop they are introducing.

I'm not saying that Apple's previous laptops didn't harbour faults with them 
too, however not only were they in much smaller numbers, but compared to 
todays issues, they were not as intense or experience shattering. Because
before you didn't have to deal with the immense design failures that todays
machines carry with them.

The desktops, are OK, just OK. Boring, uninnovative, overpriced metal and 
glass sandwiches that serve their purpose at the expense of fickle comsumers.
I wouldn't mind them but i have no desire or wish to own one of them. The
upcoming Mac Pro looks promising, but, that is not out yet and purely because
of that i am not able to critique it.

Now back to sipping Monster and talking about ye olde days. PowerPC is cool,
even today, and if you don't do much on the internet, or use your laptop in 
such a way that internet is not really necessary (these use cases are 
practially non-existant with MOST people) you can easily get by with using
an older Mac. If you are dependant on the internet, shit can get done, but 
it's gonna be slow. However all of this is at the expense of almost having
no expense, AKA, these machines cost literally fucking nothing these days.
And are probably the most cost effective and easy way of getting into the Mac.

If you want me to recommend a Mac from the PowerPC days:
PowerBook G4 2004-2005 (awesome,upgradable, customizable laptops)
PowerMac G5 QUAD (Absolute beast, a bit more expensive at around 100$, but
you get a lot)

If you want me to recommend a Mac from the Intel era:
Mid 2009 MacBook Pro (has issues ocassionally but is mostly OK)
ANY MAC PRO (besides the 2013 piece of shit) 
(seriously, they work, no bullshit, they just fucking work)



EPILOGUE:

iPhone is absolutely fucking shit, don't buy it, even if you have to. It sucks
major fucking ass, perhaps the older ones were better, never bothered with
them, but you're most likely not gonna care about those to be honest.

The Macintosh laptops are broken and overpriced, the desktops are overpriced.
Not much to say here really.

TL;DR: DONT GET A FUCKING 2009 OR ABOVE MAC, DONT GET A FUCKING iPHONE


- Doggoli <3

